add authorization check for datasource api (#2366)
pingcap/tispark: docs/authorization_userguide.md

| SHOW COLUMNS    | ❌ | ❌ |
| DESCRIBE COLUMN | ❌ | ❌ |

## Compatibility with Data Source API

> We only support authorization check in write currently.

Author: I have tried it. 
df.read doesn't supporting authorization currently.

| SHOW COLUMNS    | ❌ | ❌ |
| DESCRIBE COLUMN | ❌ | ❌ |

## Compatibility with Data Source API

> We support authorization check in both read and write, but we don't recommend to use read.

Author: Spark sql is recommended, users could use SELECT statement to read data.

> We support authorization check in both read and write, but we don't recommend to use read.

Reviewer: Why not clarify then? Like "but we recommend using spark sql instead of datasource API to read data from TiDB".

| SHOW COLUMNS    | ❌ | ❌ |
| DESCRIBE COLUMN | ❌ | ❌ |

## Compatibility with Data Source API

> We support authorization check in both read and write, but we don't recommend to use read.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We support authorization check in both read and write, but we recommend using spark SQL instead of Datasource API to read data from TiDB
```

Reviewer 2: This may be clearer

Spark SQL is recommended to read data.

We will do authorization check as follows:

| Operation | Option            | Required Privilege | 
|-----------|-------------------|-------------------|
| Write     | Replace is enable | Insert and Delete |   

> | Write     | Replace is unable | Insert            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Write     | Replace is disable | Insert            |
```
